Here's the message sent out with the first weekly report, which should give
some idea what these are for.

----

This is a summary of events and discussion over previous Agoran week,
2019-10-21..27.

It's intended to serve as a reference when building a more succinct and
readable monthly or quarterly newsletter. I think it will be a lot easier to do
something like that if the individual weeks have already been summarized, and
writing summaries like this shouldn't take a lot of effort. (The newsletter
would probably also draw on recent official reports.)

Things I imagine newsletters would be useful for:

* Helping new or less-active players stay in the loop. Evidence that people
  have trouble following:

  * From Bernie, 2019-05-19: "I joined Agora a month ago or so, but I got
    overwhelmed by not having any idea what was going on despite reading the
    ruleset. I also didn't have very much time to see what was going on, but
    now I do. What's something I could do to start with Agora?"

  * From ATMunn, 2019-06-04: "Sorry for my lack of participation in recent
    events. Here's why in a nutshell: [drawing of recent events going over eir
    head, if I'm understanding it right]".

  * From Baron von Vaderham, 2019-07-24: "I am completely lost.. What is going
    on here?? :0".

* They could be featured on Agora's homepage. I think it helps show that a
  community is alive and well if the home page has a couple of recent posts
  with interesting content.

* I don't know if we want our community to grow to more than a few dozen
  people, but if we ever do, we need to make it easier for players to deal with
  the firehose of often-confusing information they're subscribed to.

Even without being turned into a newsletter, I hope that low-effort summaries
like this one can help a bit with some of the above points.

(I was thinking of doing this before I saw The Gig Economy proposal [0], but
glad to see something like this has been proposed before --- see the "Reporter"
role listed there.)
